1.?How do you keep in contact with your parents and friends? How do you like these ways of communication?. 你是如何与你的父母和朋友保持联系的？你觉得这些交流方式怎么样？
I often have video and phone conversations and send WeChat messages to keep in contact with my parents and friends. These communication methods have both advantages and disadvantages. Through online communication, distance limitations can be broken, making it very convenient to stay in touch with parents and classmates. But online communication is difficult to convey our emotions, and the other party may have difficulty understanding our meaning. Face to face communication is better than offline communication.?
2.?How much do you know about emojis? And what is the role of emojis in digital communication?你对表情符号了解多少呢？表情符号在数字交流中起什么作用呢？
Emojis often appear in WeChat or QQ chats.There are many types of emoticons that can represent emotions, various actions,,many things, and more.In digital communication, emojis can make chatting more enjoyable and better express one’s emotions.  Some emoticons are very interesting and can make online communication more vivid, better convey our meaning, and enrich the forms of online communication
3.?How does social media change the way we communicate? Does social media bring us together or push us apart? 社交媒体是如何改变我们的交流方式的？社交媒体是让我们更加亲近还是让我们更加疏远呢？
In the past, people usually communicated with each other by face - to - face or writing letters. However, with the development of social media, communication between people has become more diverse, and information spreads more quickly. There are more ways of communication and faster and more convenient information transmission. I think social media has brought us closer. In the past, two people were too far apart and may need to write letters to communicate, but now we can communicate online, just like face-to-face communication. Compared to before, it is obviously more convenient
4.?What is the main idea of Unit 1 “Why emojis are a no - brainer for digital communication” in the textbook? Please summarize and retell the text.教材中第一单元“为何表情符号是数字交流的不二之选”这一内容的主要观点是什么？请进行总结并复述该文本。
The main idea is about the reason and importance of emojis in digital communication. The original text regarding the importance: There’s a lot more that people can communicate with emojis. The real innovation behind emojis lies in their ability to help people online say what they mean and as the system matures, people will want fewer but more useful emojis.
5.?According to a survey, an increasing number of young people choose to start a business instead of finding a job. What do you think are the reasons? How about you?根据一项调查，越来越多的年轻人选择创业而非找份工作。你认为原因是什么呢？你呢？
Most young people dare to innovate and challenge themselves, hoping to continuously strive in their favorite ways and make their lives better. If you go to work, most young people don't like this boring way to improve themselves. By starting a business, one can have more possibilities and opportunities. I would choose to find a job that I enjoy, constantly improving my quality of life and enhancing myself, while also being able to enjoy this job.
6.?Do you know someone who has leadership qualities? Why do you think so? Give specific examples.你是否认识具有领导才能的人呢？你为什么会这么认为？请给出具体的例子。
Yes, I know my class monitor, who has remarkable leadership qualities. First of all, he has outstanding management skills, and he manages the class very well. Secondly, he has a good relationship with everyone and can communicate well with them.Firstly, he has outstanding management skills that have made our class better and better. Secondly, he has a very good relationship with our classmates and communicates very kindly. Every time the teacher assigns activity tasks, he actively communicates with classmates and fully accepts their opinions, efficiently implements activity plans, and leads us to participate in various interesting activities
7.?What qualities do leaders have in common? And which one do you think is the most important leadership quality? Explain your reasons.领导者们有哪些共同的品质呢？你认为哪一项是最重要的领导品质？请说明你的理由。
An excellent leader has strong management skills, good relationships and strong psychological qualities. I think strong management skills is the most important leadership quality. Because strong management skills can help leaders better organize others .They can also efficiently completing various tasks and organizing others to effectively solve problems when faced with difficulties, leading the team towards success.
8.?Do you think college should develop students’ leadership skills? Why or why not? List some leadership qualities that you possess now. Use examples to support your points.你认为大学应该培养学生的领导能力吗？为什么呢？或者为什么不是呢？列举出你目前所具备的一些领导品质。请用实例来支撑你的观点。
I think college should develop students’ leadership skills. Because university is an important stage for us to enter society in the future. We should strive to improve ourselves as much as possible in college. Improving our leadership skills in university is beneficial for us to effectively solve any problems in the group in the future, and can help us continuously improve ourselves. I currently possess strong psychological resilience and am able to calmly solve problems when faced with difficulties. I am also skilled in managing teams and can lead them towards success
9.?What is the main idea of Unit 2 “How I started my business while studying at university” in the textbook? Please summarize and retell the text.教材中第二单元“我在大学期间如何创业”这一内容的主要思想是什么？请进行总结并复述该文本。
The main idea of Unit 2 is that the author’s history of university business and the summary of his university business. And author provided us with some advice on starting a business during our university studies. The original text mentions the author’s business: I tested my business idea for about four months. The original text mentions the authors’ suggestions: Go to relevant activities and events your university hosts.
10.?What do you think is the most creative product or service in the past decade? Why do you think so?您认为在过去十年中，最具创新性的产品或服务是什么？你为什么会这么想呢？
I think AI intelligence is the most creative product and service in the past decade. Because of AI, people’s lifestyles have become more convenient and have made their work processes easier. Because the emergence of AI has made our lives more abundant and convenient. Searching for information online can be aided by AI, which saves us time and enables efficient information retrieval. AI is also an important breakthrough in technological development. AI is highly innovative and leads the continuous progress and innovation of technology
11.?What is the main idea of Unit 3 “How I became a leader” in the textbook? Please summarize and retell the text.这本教材中第三单元“我如何成为领导者”这一单元的主要思想是什么？请进行总结并复数这段文字
The main idea of Unit 3 is about how the author transformed from a shy person into a qualified leader. And the author provided some advice on becoming a leader. The original text mentions the author’s experience: before gaining a leadership title, I gained trust and I worked on my communication skills. The original text mentions the author's suggestions: Knowing where you want an organization or idea to go is important and becoming a leader was demanding.
12.?What creative Chinese enterprises do you know? Why do you think they are creative?你知道哪些有创意的中国企业？你为什么认为它们具有创意？
I think Huawei and Xiaomi are relatively creative companies. Because they are not only the leaders in the mobile phone industry, but they also have a wide range of research areas in AI intelligence. Xiaomi and Huawei launch different new products every year, with the market expanding and continuously innovating.They constantly engage in technological innovation and develop various innovative products. Those products have greatly facilitated our lives and made technological development faster They are undoubtedly an innovative company.
13.?Do you agree that if you want to be a leader, how successful you are will depend greatly on the culture where you grew up? Give your opinions on this.你是否认同这样一个观点：如果你想成为一名领导者，那么你的成功程度在很大程度上取决于你成长所处的文化环境？请谈谈你的看法。
I agree with the view. Firstly, the cultural environment greatly contributes to the formation of our personality and qualities. Secondly, the quality of the cultural environment determines the success of various tasks we will accomplish in the future, which in turn determines the degree of success and has a profound impact. Finally, an excellent cultural environment can bring us outstanding qualities and help us continuously improve ourselves, leading us towards success.
14.?What is the main idea of Unit 4 “The miracle of SolarCity” in the textbook? Please summarize and retell the text.教材中第四单元“太阳能城的奇迹”这一部分的主要思想是什么？请进行总结并复述该文本内容。
The article mainly introduces the sources of SolarCity and the difficulties encountered during its construction. At the same time, the article also indicates the future development of the SolarCity. The original text mentions the source of the SolarCity: That SolarCity, a company that aims to paper America’s rooftops with solar panels. The difficulties: Home rooftop installation is a business in which it is difficult to gain cost - saving. The future development of the SolarCity: Not long ago, the company announced plans to raise another $124 million.
15.?What urban challenges do you know? How can these problems be tackled?你知道城市面临的哪些难题？这些难题该如何解决呢？
The urban faces many challenges, including air pollution，population aging and more. About air pollution, people should plant more trees and reduce the cutting down of trees.We should strive for green travel as much as possible. We can also reduce littering to minimize environmental pollution. About population aging, the government should actively respond to the birth policy and encourage people to have children.
16.?What is the main problem that your hometown is facing with? Propose possible solutions to it.你家乡目前面临的主要问题是什么？请提出一些可能的解决办法。
Shandong is currently facing the main problem of environmental pollution. People should take active actions to protect the environment. People can choose to ride bicycles or walk for daily travel. At the same time, actively planting trees can protect the environment. The government should actively promote knowledge of environmental protection and formulate policies to reduce environmental pollution. Factories should reduce the emission of pollutants
17.?What is the main idea of Unit 5 “How we move:Sustainable transport around the world” in the textbook? Please summarize and retell the text.教材中第五单元“我们如何出行：全球可持续交通方式”这一单元的主要思想是什么？请进行总结并复述该文本内容。
First, the article points out the main issues in Bogotá and its own methods of solving them. Then, it also pointed out the development of other cities. Finally, it indicates the sustainable development of global cities. The original text mentions: They do require city leaders who are willing to make the politically difficult decisions necessary to ensure the long - term health of their communities.
18.?What do you think is the relationship between art and science? Who do you think makes more contributions to society, an artist or a scientist?你认为艺术与科学之间有着怎样的关系？你认为是艺术家还是科学家对社会的贡献更大呢？
I believe that art and science can promote and develop each other, and are interdependent. I believe that scientists will make greater contributions to society. Because technology is developing rapidly in today's era, our lives are also getting better and better. These phenomena cannot be separated from the efforts of scientists, who have made our society a better place.
19.?How would the development of science contribute to the presentation of the works of art in modern times?科学的发展会如何促进现代艺术作品的呈现？
The development of science can accelerate the dissemination of modern art and promote the production of excellent works of art. Science can make the display of modern art more diverse, allowing people to experience art in various ways. In addition, the development of science can better preserve modern art works than ever before. At the same time, due to the development of science, art works can be understood by more people through science, creating a good cultural atmosphere. With the help of modern science, modern art works will have better development.?
20.?What is the main idea of Unit 6 “How the intersection of art and science made history” in the textbook? Please summarize and retell the text.这本教材中第六单元“艺术与科学的交汇如何塑造历史”这一单元的主要思想是什么？请对这篇文本进行总结并重新叙述。
The main idea of the text focus of this article is the development of art and how different artists have created history in the fields of art and science. The original text mentions: Other artists started to notice the potential that animation had in the film industry and it can be predicted that there will be more scientific elements in the future artistic creation.
