U1
1.As a child.Laura found a deep passion for biology because _____
A.she was grateful she didn't have to go to school.
B.she wanted to be invincible.
C.she was totally crazy when she first played with a model of DNA.
D.she wanted to take down the big balls and strands on the model.
C
2.Which of the following is NOT mentioned when Laura was twelve?
A. She found antiaging research was the field she wanted to explore.
B. She emailed the leading experts in antiaging research and Cynthia was the only one to respond.
C. She was in great joy to be accepted by Cynthia to work in her lab.
D. She wanted to tour Cynthia's facility because it had done pioneering work in antiaging field.
B
3.What did Laura do when she was at Cynthia's lab?
A. She worked as anfnterd to support herself.
B. She continued to email other scientists to develop her interests.
C. She did research on worms to double their life span.
D. She made full use of the facility and learned from excellent students there.
D
4.What was Laura's suggestion on finding a mentor?
A. You'll get permission if you show your enthusiasnt in your email,
B. Work your way to create opportunity for yourself.
C. Starting from the bottom if an advantage.
D.Apply early.
B
5.What can be concluded from the response Laura gave to the atthor?
A.Finding your courage is an essential part to achieve your purpose.
B.The writer asked a very stupid question.
C.Finding email addresses of experts is easier than finding leading experts in your field.
D. It is important to learn some skills to write cold emails.
A
6.What is the writer's tone in describing Laura's experience?
A. He is giving a neutral accont of Laura's experience.
B. He is shocked that Laura got the guts to email leading experts.
C.He is supportive of Laura's determination to go to the top from the bottom.
D. He is doubtful that Laura will succeed in the future.
B
U2
1.According to the author, which is true of stereotyping?
A. Stereotyping is present at Rollins college only.
B. Stereotyping is unfair and should be discouraged.
C. Stereotyping is typical across universities.
D. Stereotyping is almost the same at different universities.
C
2.Students of Rollins type _____
A. are mainly from wealthy families
B. have the most population.
C. are ofen mislabeled.
D.are often defined by their family background.
C
3. What can be inferred about Rohins type students?
A. They are hardworking.
B.They tend to make unkind remarks.
C. They pride themselves in being genuine.
D.They are granted scholarships.
B
4. What did the author do when her friends mentioned her mismatch with the Rollins type?
A. She turned a deaf eatto those comments.
B. She tried every means to shift away from the stereotype.
C. She was sorry for pretending to be among the Rollins type.
D. She dyed her hair pink and made tattoos on her back.
B
5. What did the author realize when pink faded from her hair?
A. She was doing the right thing to change the false first impression.
B. She enjoyed that stereotype and being a blonde.
C. She preferred to live up to people's expectations.
D. She would not change herself to look a certain way.
D
6. What is the new meaning that Warren has instilled in Rollins girl?
A. Strong, intelligent, and confident.
B. Wealthy, bitchy, and over-groomed.
C. Drinking and dressing fashionably.
D. Blonde with brains.
A
U3
1.According to Modi, what problem may working people actually encounter?
A. They have enough time to use.
B. They complain about exhaustion.
C. They do not know how to use time.
D. They seek for happiness.
C
2. What can be inferred from Benjamin Franklin's life story?
A. Benjamin Franklin worked very-hard.
B. Benjamin Franklin badaproblem in prioritizing.
C. Benjamin Franklin concentrated on doing important tasks.
D. Benjamin Franklin made a to-do list every day.
B
3. What will be an easy and effective way for us to optimize our time?
A. Find more time to use.
B. Form a habit.
C. Be aware of the problem.
D. lnsist on doing worth-doing tasks.
D
4. Modi thinks that complaining about exhaustion is wrong because _____
A. too much work may bring satisfaction 
B. too much work may bring awareness
C. people may find excuses
D. people may decide on priorities
A
5. What did Shree Keka Shastriji do when the vehicle stopped at a railway crossing?
A. He wandered around the place.
B. He made the best use of the time to do his task.
C. He went to the snake cart.
D. He bought fruits on a stand.
B
6. What is the answer to the student's question in Para. 1?
A. Careful observation of time management.
B. Making a schedule beforehand.
C. Looking for more time.
D.Proper uilization of time
D
U4
1. Which of the following is true of the essay The Opposite of Loneliness read-by the author?
A. The essay does not appeal to the author.
B. The essay gives a good account of the campus life of young college students.
C. The author shared the same feeling of loneliness with the essay's writer while reading it.
D. The opposite of loneliness can be put to words since we are aware of feeling it.
B
2. What has the author leared from her volunteer trip in New York?
A. Community service is so meaningful that she would like to share it with others in her blogs.
B. Volunteer work just means offering and changing the world for the better.
C. The trip helped change her in that she felt joy and closeness while working in the team.
D. Rcalizing the misery of the homeless in the trip, she cried and felt sympathy for them.
C
3. What can be inferred about the author's college students?
A. They are not devoted to study because they often go out to watch movies and drink.
B. They tend to stay up late at night having entertainment outside campus.
C. Students often have too many differences to settle even though they have spent some time together knowing each other.
D. Many students love their campus and college town because they feel home and belonging.
D
4. The author was eager to talk with her roommates about the Lutheran church trip after she came back for the reason that _____
A. it was disturbing and inconvenient for her to live in a room with 15 other students
B. there were many differences among the students during the volunteer work
C. she was still upset by the statistics of graduation rates and the kids she helped in low-income classrooms
D. a strong connection was established between the author and her roommates
D
5. The author felt the opposite of loneliness in the following occasions except _____
A. in the Berkeley dorm where she shared bathrooms, did without AC and ate the dining hall food
B. in the free time she spent going together to adventure.
C. in fancy banquets where students are formally and beautifully dressed.
D.in making friends with her roommates and some students she had just met in Baltimore.
C
6. What is the main idea of the essay?
A. The author explains the various occasions in college where she has the feeling of home, connection and belonging.
B. The author tells her wonderful college life and exciting social activities.
C. The author explains how she makes friends with other students in college and how enjoyable the friendships are.
D. The author teaches how to avoid feeling lonely and how to engage in social interactions.
A
U5
1. What was the dream of the 16-year-old girl Abby Sunderland?
A. To be the youngest sailor to sail around the world.
B. To be the oldest sailor to sail around the world.
C. To be a brave sailor to circle the globe.
D. To be the first female sailor to circle the globe.
A
2. What was the response Abby Sunderland got from her family about her trip?
A. Her parents discbaraged her from being the part of history.
B. Her parents inhibited her from being the part of history.
C. Her parents encouraged her to be the part of history.
D. Her parents had no objection.
C
3. What happened to her brother Zac during his trip?
A. He encountered some difficulties and one of his hands was injured.
B. He was plunged into disaster and his hands were injured.
C. He had a wonderful trip but one of his feet was injured.
D. He had a leisure trip but his hands were injured.
A
4. Abby Sunderland'siWas sponsored by _____
A. the government
B. a local business
C. a foreign company
D. her parents
B
5. Which of the following is NOT a reason why the writer is envious of Abby Sunderland?
A. Because of her happiness.
B. Because of her ambition.
C. Because of her carefree sense.
D. Because of her foolhardiness.
D
6. What makes Abby Sunderland a person loving challenges?
A. Her dream.
B. Her bravery.
C. Her virtues.
D. Both A and B.
D
U6
1. Why was I reluctant when my father offered to get my cracked phone repaired?
A. Because I thought it was too expensive.
B. Because I wanted to buy a new phone.
C. Because a day without it was intolerable for me.
D. Because I needed to take it to school every day.
C
2. How would I feel if my phone was missing or I left it at home while going gut?
A. released
B. confused
C. unconfident
D. anxious
D
3. For which of the following reasons did my family complain about me?
A. I didn't look at people while talking to them.
B. I texted them so frequently so that they felt disturbed.
C. I usually gave them wrong messages.
D. I spent too less time with them.
A
4. Which of the following is NOT true?
A. I was addicted to what my phone contained.
B. I was addicted to the phone itself.
C. I was addicted to the Internet.
D. I was addicted to the music and videos my phone provided.
B
5. Which of the following is NOT the effort made to get over the anxiety without my phone?
A. I intentionally went out without my phone.
B. I walked my dog while leaving my phone at home.
C. I asked my family and friends to make sure I focused on the conversation with them.
D. I cracked my phone so that I couldn't use it.
D
6. Why should we distance ourselves from technology sometimes according to the author?
A. Because we should be stimulated constantly by the real life.
B. Because we should explore everything smartphones provide.
C. Because we should not be glued only to the convenience provided by technology.
D. Because we should put down our smartphones and communicate face to face only.
C